Clarifying when to use `--warn-error-options` (#7168)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/severity.md

- If `severity: error`, dbt will check the `error_if` condition first. If the error condition is met, the test returns an error. If it's not met, dbt will then check the `warn_if` condition (defaulted to `!=0`). If it's not specified or the warn condition is met, the test warns; if it's not met, the test passes.
- If `severity: warn`, dbt will skip the `error_if` condition entirely and jump straight to the `warn_if` condition. If the warn condition is met, the test warns; if it's not met, the test passes.

By default, a test with `severity: warn` will only ever return a warning, and not cause errors. However, you can promote warnings to errors using:

> * `--warn-error`: Promotes **all** dbt warnings (including test warnings, Jinja warnings, deprecations, etc.)

Reviewer: using italics per style guide for emphasis and completing sentence:
```suggestion
* `--warn-error`: Promotes _all_ dbt warnings (including test warnings, Jinja warnings, deprecations, and so on.) to errors.
```

> * `--warn-error-options`: Promotes **only specific types** of warnings. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--warn-error-options`: Promotes _only specific types_ of warnings. 
```
